they are now either on the
product side paid the slim 25 that is
this little quick release plate or
for the climate and mini this is this
part
and that is actually for it now
actually thought that one has just
precisely tuned to a size to
this fast change class that has
attach here on this klima mini
Of course you can on the man
themselves and others put
attaching plates shows that
but now count together and depending on
The musician does not play a role
as I said if now for this
Small secret cheapest plate
you need interest
logically also a smart and so
can because it will make just minor
Why do substitute plates really work
especially in times of small
system cameras are built
always immediately recognize that this
slim plate so on these little ones
That's what makes cameras work
Of course you can always do this too
cameras also make quick change plates
the bigger ones are wider
that succeeded by ratio about so
look but there are also people
and then we'll talk to you about it
example, the camera is here on the ku
tape fasten what your system camera
or of affordable same small ones
make camera pictures and then directly
again just with fast government
then take the camera and outside to
for example, some more photos
want to do and the problem
that looks stupid what actually
can be relatively no matter but somehow
The whole thing is a bit hakelig
is behind over and the whole then
still with the climb still used
and then the face before it is
In any case it is not optimal
just so some comfort remained
problem often one would like to say so
Of course this goes but can
anyway, but do for the
comfortable user, so to speak , we have
just now here specifically to this
small camera models matched this
small quick release plate which will open
the equally small matching wide resp
narrow band attached to the whole
I'll show them right away
But again briefly for explanation why
to plan it at all
I have the ju plate here now
the camera attached here's our
climate and watch us a little bit of
the topic and has just here
with things that determine helicopter we
then we have one here
screw in it
it has a thread what we get out below
Look there you can then for example this plate
we are stuck directly on a ball head
has on the winner or there are
tripods and can make the head from above
only use
with these the select win on top
attach tripod or just stop
also know that here for this
for film-making that yes just always
is of freaks and oberprex systems
yes, others are among themselves
coordinated if we have this
just screw it out and have it now
here, for example, a flying head of
Of course, that also works
with every other ballhead like one
has title winning drugs and then you can
The whole just here then needs
fix
Again , the great advantage of this
small narrow system you can
of course now on the whole
very small ball heads are also possible
if the ball heads are even smaller
the muses benefit that there is
here another plate zwd the size
is for this quick release plate the
accordingly afterwards with the ball head
then you would have the problem that you
has just partially with the angle
can get against this de then let
all the controls are up to
everything does not have to reach worse
So as I said that is now
Deputy also Andrew Fletcher
head and there we have the youth now
on the whole of course is here
fitting logically then here simply
used bolted and how to
sees there is nothing about everything
exactly matched extracting a
small cameras with the big advantage
that if I have the camera here now, too
for example, in this
Angular position are indeed also one
tripod and I want to get here now and
So a screw something is solvent resistant
the simple one was not the camera
I can fix the camera with me
I can write down the camera so and so
to collect jürgen soil has been there
also a safety children of
prevents you therefore now
just take out the whole system
without you have previously noticed
completely solved says so I can
Camera is here only take out if
I screw which had completely dissolved
and then
Do everything here
demonstration does not hurt completely
Everything slipped around but it is missing
just do not get out to solve as I said
the whole then completely entrepreneur
A small special feature is still there
a small wrench at and
makes sure that if you have them ever
after all he can do for a while
give cameras
Of course you can on these texts
plates big cameras on it ever
after how to buy that just but it
Of course it can happen
that is here if it somehow
then turn that and the
mechanics and so on always the visor
to move as you can but the Sun
of course that can be in the
sometime still a bit solve
season then we have two here once
small holes the home is felt there
So is this safety reasons the
prevents the camera with the
spitex partie fails as just
showed and here is a screw
in it
For that, the key can be and how to
which starts here and then you can the
make a speech then turns down on the
On the other side, I'll tell you the same
once again a pin out of the
prevents that or here on
this rubberized surface of the
ball head that one here so the mount
the fortification here that they are still
turn to the side
additional protection because what he's talking
Actually, we do it all for a long time
and this is a small one
screw and here I found easy
if I then with the screw around it
screw then comes out and the
expresses itself thus the leverage here
down to normalization and that
prevents also just that one to
therefore you do not see yourself as an example
inadvertently twisted can of course
still accept everything when
everything solves but as I said there you have to
It's not great at all
think about it so if you feel like it
everything is always in between
check and check if
everything is really solid so here so
as I have just demonstrated him
once the missing plate and to that
fitting team on everything optimally
matched by the larger one
from the broad can be small
so extreme and then they come
anyway large tripod exchange rate
including the whole of the
the part has just over especially for the
small cameras here in our shop of
novoflex the crew the climate and us this
Not